1. In what country did the first Starbucks open outside of North America?
Answer: Japan
2. What does CODA stand for?
Answer: Child of Deaf Adults
3. In a website browser address bar, what does “www” stand for? 
Answer: World Wide Web
4. Where were the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights stored during World War II?
Answer: Fort Knox
5. What is the tiny piece at the end of a shoelace called?
Answer: An aglet
6. Which company's slogan is "You're in good hands?"
Answer: Allstate
7. Who was the first televised President?
Answer: Franklin D. Roosevelt
8. Pocahontas was baptized and given what English name?
Answer: Rebecca
9. Originally, Amazon only sold what kind of product?
Answer: Books
10. In 2009, what became the first Morse code character to be added since WWII?
Answer: The "@" symbol
11. Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Answer: Leonardo da Vinci
12. Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
Answer: Marie Curie (1903)
13. Which kind of bulbs were once exchanged as a form of currency?
Answer: Tulips
14. What was the original purpose of the tiny pocket in jeans?
Answer: To store pocket watches.
15. What does SPF in sunscreen stand for?
Answer: Sun Protection Factor
16. Chrome, Safari, Firefox and Explorer are different types of what?
Answer: Web browsers
17. In what year was the internet opened to the public?
Answer: 1993
18. Who is often credited with creating the world’s first car?
Answer: Karl Benz
19. Demolition of the Berlin wall separating East and West Germany began in what year?
Answer: 1989
20. Who was the first woman pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic?
Answer: Amelia Earhart
21. When did Facebook first launch?
Answer: 2004
22. “Ladies and gentlemen, rock and roll,” were the first words spoken on what cable channel that launched at 12:01 a.m. on August 1, 1981?
Answer: MTV
23. A 401(k) is a type of tax-advantaged defined-contribution account designed to help you save for what withdrawal from working life?
Answer: Retirement
24. What is the last name of the business tycoon behind the "No. 5" perfume?
Answer: Chanel
25. Some of our favorite collective nouns for animals include a congregation of alligators, a business of ferrets, an ostentation of peacocks, and a gaggle of what other fowl?
Answer: Geese